Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 will sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint0 to later communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0 so Rover1 can later take an image of objective2 with camera2 in colour mode at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera0 for objective2 at waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later take an image of objective3 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera1 for objective3 at waypoint0 to later capture an image of objective3 with camera1 in colour mode at waypoint0.
I will travel from waypoint4 to waypoint6, which will allow me to sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6 so I can later drop the load at store mestore and transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to travel from waypoint3 to waypoint3 (via waypoint3 and waypoint4), which will allow Rover2 to sample rock to store at rover2store at waypoint3 to later communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover3 will sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint1 and Rover3 is going to move from waypoint1 to waypoint0 to be able to transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint1, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will take an image of objective2 with camera2 in colour mode at waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to take an image of objective3 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint0 to later transmit image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will capture an image of objective3 with camera1 in colour mode at waypoint0 to later communicate image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint0 so Rover3 can later transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 and Rover1 can transmit image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to move from waypoint6 to waypoint4 and I will leave the load at store mestore, which will allow me to sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint4, which will allow me to later drop the load at store mestore and communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will go from waypoint3 to waypoint0 (via waypoint4) to later transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will communicate image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to achieve the goal of image data being communicated of objective2 in colour mode to later transmit image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to drop the load at store mestore, which will allow me to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint4 to later leave the load at store mestore and transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to go from waypoint4 to waypoint0 and I will leave the load at store mestore so I can sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint0 so I can later drop the load at store mestore and communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated of objective3 in low res mode, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I will travel from waypoint0 towards waypoint4 to later travel from waypoint4 to waypoint3.
I am going to leave the load at store mestore so I can later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint3.
I am going to move from waypoint4 towards waypoint3 to later be able to sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint3 and move from waypoint3 towards waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective3 in colour mode.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 because I will sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint3.
I am going to move from waypoint3 towards waypoint4, which will allow me to communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint4.
I will communicate soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint6.
I am going to transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint0.
I will communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint4.
Rover2 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint3.
