Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 is going to sample soil so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective1.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera0 for objective2.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera1 for objective3.
I will travel to waypoint6 to be able to sample soil so I can later transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to travel to waypoint3 to sample rock so Rover2 can later transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover3 is going to sample rock and Rover3 is going to travel towards waypoint0 so Rover3 can communicate rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will capture an image of objective2 with camera2 to later be able to transmit image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will take an image of objective3 with camera0 to later be able to communicate image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will capture an image of objective3 with camera1 so Rover1 can later communicate image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective1.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will go to waypoint4 and I will drop the load, which will allow me to sample soil to later communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will go to waypoint0 to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
I will leave the load, which will allow me to sample rock so I can later transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
I will sample rock because I will go to waypoint0 and I am going to leave the load to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will transmit image data of objective3 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I will travel to waypoint4.
I am going to leave the load.
I will move towards waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to transmit image data of objective3 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I will communicate soil data of waypoint3 to general lander because I will sample soil to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander because I am going to go towards waypoint4 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
I am going to communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate rock data of waypoint3 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
