Narrator is: rover0
Rover2 will go from waypoint3 towards waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera0 for objective2 at waypoint0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera1 for objective3 at waypoint0.
I will go from waypoint4 towards waypoint6 to sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6 so I can later transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover3 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 because Rover3 is going to sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint1 and Rover3 will travel from waypoint1 to waypoint0 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint1.
Rover1 will take an image of objective2 with camera2 in colour mode at waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to capture an image of objective3 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint0 so Rover1 can later transmit image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will capture an image of objective3 with camera1 in colour mode at waypoint0 to later transmit image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will go from waypoint4 towards waypoint3 to then sample rock to store at rover2store at waypoint3 to later transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint0.
I will sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint4 because I will go from waypoint6 towards waypoint4 and I am going to leave the load at store mestore to later transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will travel from waypoint3 towards waypoint4 to be able to go from waypoint4 to waypoint0 to later communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective2 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated of objective2 in colour mode.
I will drop the load at store mestore so I can sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint4, which will allow me to later transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
I will move from waypoint4 towards waypoint0 and I will leave the load at store mestore to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint0, which will allow me to later communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will communicate image data of objective3 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to achieve the goal of image data being communicated of objective3 in low res mode.
I will move from waypoint0 towards waypoint4.
I am going to drop the load at store mestore.
I am going to travel from waypoint4 towards waypoint3.
Rover1 will communicate image data of objective3 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to achieve the goal of image data being communicated of objective3 in colour mode.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 because I will sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint3.
I am going to move from waypoint3 towards waypoint4 to then transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint4.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint6.
I am going to transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint0.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint4.
Rover2 will communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint3.
