Narrator is: rover0
I am going to sample soil so I can later communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will sample soil because Rover2 will go to waypoint0, which will allow Rover2 to later communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint7, which will allow Rover1 to sample rock to later communicate rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to calibrate camera1 for objective0.
I am going to go towards waypoint0, which will allow me to later communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to drop the load.
Rover2 is going to capture an image of objective1 with camera1 to transmit image data of objective1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint3 and Rover1 is going to drop the load to sample soil so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint0 so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, and transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will leave the load.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will drop the load because Rover1 is going to sample rock.
Rover2 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to go towards waypoint6.
I am going to sample soil and I will move to waypoint0, which will allow me to communicate soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint7 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint6 to then sample rock so Rover1 can later communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to go to waypoint4 to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 and transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will drop the load.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to sample rock to then communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
