Narrator is: rover0
I will sample soil, which will allow me to later drop the load at store mestore and communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to go towards waypoint0 to sample soil to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to go towards waypoint7 to sample rock so Rover1 can later leave the load at store rover1store and communicate rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to calibrate camera1 for objective0 so Rover2 can later take an image of objective1 with camera1 in high res mode at waypoint0.
I am going to move to waypoint0, which will allow me to later transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 and travel from waypoint0 towards waypoint6.
I am going to leave the load to later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6.
Rover2 is going to communicate image data of objective1 to general lander because Rover2 will take an image of objective1 with camera1 to reach the goal of image data being communicated, which will allow me to later communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1 and Rover2 to transmit soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to go towards waypoint3 and Rover1 will drop the load to be able to sample soil so Rover1 can later leave the load at store rover1store and transmit soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint0, communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, and move from waypoint0 to waypoint6.
Rover1 will drop the load, which will allow Rover1 to later sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint0.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated, which will allow Rover2 to later transmit soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, me to travel from waypoint0 towards waypoint6, me to move from waypoint6 to waypoint0, and me to transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to sample rock to be able to drop the load, which will allow Rover1 to later sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint6.
Rover2 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to move towards waypoint6 so I can later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6 and travel from waypoint6 to waypoint0.
I will sample soil and I am going to travel towards waypoint0 to be able to communicate soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint7 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will transmit rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated to later go from waypoint0 towards waypoint6, go from waypoint6 towards waypoint4, and communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint6, which will allow Rover1 to sample rock to later be able to leave the load at store rover1store and transmit rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint4 so Rover1 can later communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1, sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint4, and transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will leave the load to later be able to sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will sample rock so Rover1 can transmit rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
