Narrator is: rover0
I am going to sample soil, which will allow me to later transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to go towards waypoint0 to then sample soil so Rover2 can later communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will go to waypoint7 to then sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover2 will calibrate camera1 for objective0.
I will move towards waypoint0, which will allow me to later communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
I am going to drop the load.
Rover2 will take an image of objective1 with camera1 to then transmit image data of objective1 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 will sample soil because Rover1 will move to waypoint3 and Rover1 is going to leave the load so Rover1 can later transmit soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1, and transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to leave the load.
Rover2 will transmit soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to go towards waypoint6.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint6 to general lander because I will sample soil and I am going to move to waypoint0 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will transmit rock data of waypoint7 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will move to waypoint6 so Rover1 can sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will travel to waypoint4 to later transmit rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1 and communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint1.
Rover1 will drop the load.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to transmit rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
