Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will scan the entrance.
Tomo will find the manager and the secretary.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance).
Tomo is going to move from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor).
Asro will look around the kitchen counter.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor.
Asro will ask the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf.
Asro is going to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1).
Asro will place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to grab the mug at the microwave.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1).
Tomo will travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1).
Asro will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager.
Tomo is going to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1.
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor to the entrance.
Tomo is going to travel from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway).
Asro will put the mug at the entrance.
Asro will travel from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1).
Asro will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Asro will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1).
Tomo will scan the main office desk.
Tomo is going to place the post1 at the main office desk.
Tomo will travel from the main office desk towards the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair).
Asro will give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
