Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro is going to move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo will scan the entrance (taking 1 second).
Tomo is going to locate the manager (taking 20 seconds).
Tomo is going to find the secretary (taking 20 seconds).
Asro will move from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds), which will allow Asro to look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Tomo will travel from the entrance to the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds) to then go from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
Asro is going to request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Asro will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) so Asro can grab the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will go from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds), which will allow Tomo to travel from the entrance to the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo will move from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to then travel from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
Asro will move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) to then place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo will travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) so Tomo can deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to go from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) and Asro will travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds), which will allow Asro to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro will move from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to be able to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds) because Tomo will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro will go from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) so Asro can travel from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) so Tomo can go from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds), which will allow Asro to take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and Tomo is going to look around the main office desk (taking 1 second) so Tomo can place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will move from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds) so Tomo can go from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds), which will allow Tomo to go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
