Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro will move from the kitchen sink to the entrance.
Tomo is going to look around the entrance.
Tomo will locate the manager.
Tomo is going to locate the secretary.
Asro will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter.
Tomo will go from the entrance towards the kitchen chair.
Asro will check the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen chair towards the kitchen sink.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor.
Asro will request the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen sink to the entrance.
Tomo will move from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1.
Asro is going to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1.
Tomo will go from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave.
Asro is going to travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter.
Asro will leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to grasp the mug at the microwave.
Asro will go from the kitchen counter towards the coffee table 1.
Tomo will move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor.
Asro will move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to give mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1.
Asro is going to move from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1.
Asro will get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager.
Tomo is going to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1.
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
Tomo will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
Tomo will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre.
Asro is going to place the mug at the entrance.
Asro is going to go from the entrance to the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway.
Tomo will go from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1.
Asro will travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1.
Tomo is going to move from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway.
Asro will move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
Asro is going to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Tomo will travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk.
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will look around the main office desk.
Tomo is going to put the post1 at the main office desk.
Tomo is going to go from the main office desk towards the main office doorway.
Tomo is going to move from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway.
Asro is going to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will go from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair.
Tomo will move from the kitchen chair to the entrance.
