Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will check the entrance (taking 1 second).
Tomo will look for the manager and the secretary (taking 20 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) to be able to scan the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Tomo will move from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
Asro is going to ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Asro will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) so Asro can leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo will go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) to hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro will go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to be able to place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) because Tomo will move from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Tomo will look around the main office desk (taking 1 second).
Asro will travel from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds) to then take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the main office desk to the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair, taking 70 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
