Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will look around the entrance (taking 1 second) so Asro can later place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to find the manager (taking 20 seconds) so Asro can later request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) and Asro can deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will look for the secretary (taking 20 seconds) to fulfill the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) to be able to look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second), which will allow Asro to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to be able to request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of asking the manager.
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to then grab the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will move from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) to then place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
Tomo will grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo is going to go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) to be able to deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Tomo will go from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to then grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) to later leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro will get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to then place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Tomo is going to move from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Tomo is going to check the main office desk (taking 1 second) so Tomo can put the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro will move from the entrance to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds), which will allow Asro to take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) so Asro can deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo is going to travel from the main office desk to the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway, taking 58 seconds) to travel from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to reach the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to fulfill the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
