Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo is going to scan the entrance (taking 1 second) so Asro can later put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to find the manager and the secretary (taking 20 seconds) so Asro can later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Tomo can hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), and Asro can give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) to be able to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to then request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds) because Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) to then put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo will move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) so Tomo can hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Tomo is going to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Tomo is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds), which will allow Tomo to later place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro is going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro will go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) so Asro can put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Tomo is going to look around the main office desk (taking 1 second) to then leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Asro is going to travel from the entrance to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will go from the main office desk to the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair, taking 70 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
