Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro will go to the entrance.
Tomo will check the entrance so Asro can later place the mug at the entrance.
Tomo is going to locate the manager so Asro can later request the manager at the kitchen corridor and Asro can deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will look for the secretary.
Asro will move to the kitchen counter so Asro can look around the kitchen counter to later be able to put the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to move towards the kitchen chair, which will allow Tomo to travel towards the kitchen sink.
Asro will go to the kitchen corridor to be able to ask the manager.
Asro is going to grab the paper because Asro will go to the kitchen shelf so Asro can later place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to move to the entrance so Tomo can go towards the kitchen table 1.
Asro will move towards the coffee table 1.
Tomo is going to travel towards the kitchen corridor to be able to go to the microwave.
Asro is going to leave the paper because Asro is going to move to the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to take the mug and Tomo will move towards the kitchen corridor to give mug to the manager.
Asro will move towards the coffee table 1 so Asro can travel to the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to travel towards the kitchen door 1 and Asro will travel to the coffee table 1 so Asro can go to the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will go towards the office entrance 1 to be able to take the post1 to later put the post1 at the main office desk.
Asro is going to place the mug because Asro is going to get the mug from the the manager and Asro is going to go to the entrance.
Tomo is going to travel to the corridor centre because Tomo is going to move to the kitchen door 1.
Asro will move to the kitchen corridor, which will allow Tomo to later travel from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
Asro is going to go towards the kitchen door 1 because Asro will go towards the kitchen hallway.
Tomo will move towards the corridor shelf 1 to then travel to the main office doorway.
Asro will move towards the office entrance 1 to then grasp the post2 to later be able to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will leave the post1 because Tomo will travel to the main office desk and Tomo is going to scan the main office desk.
Asro is going to travel towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro is going to travel towards the kitchen corridor to then give post2 to the manager.
Tomo will move towards the main office doorway so Tomo can travel to the meeting room hallway.
Asro is going to move towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to go towards the kitchen chair so Tomo can travel to the entrance.
