Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will scan the entrance so Asro can later put the mug at the entrance.
Tomo will locate the manager so Asro can later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor, Tomo can give mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor, Asro can take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager, and Asro can hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to locate the secretary to fulfill the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro is going to scan the kitchen counter because Asro will move from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance), which will allow Asro to later place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to travel from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor) so Tomo can later grab the mug at the microwave and move from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor to be able to request the manager at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of asking the manager.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf to take the paper at the kitchen shelf.
Asro will travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1), which will allow Asro to put the paper at the kitchen counter to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager.
Tomo will grab the mug at the microwave and Tomo is going to go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor to be able to hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor so Asro can later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and Tomo can take the post1 at the office entrance 1.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1) to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
Tomo will grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 because Tomo is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1), which will allow Tomo to later put the post1 at the main office desk.
Asro is going to place the mug at the entrance because Asro will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and Asro will go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Tomo will go from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway) and Tomo will look around the main office desk to be able to put the post1 at the main office desk to achieve the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro is going to go from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1) so Asro can grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Asro is going to travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1) to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo will move from the kitchen chair towards the entrance because Tomo is going to travel from the main office desk towards the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway) to reach the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf to fulfill the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
