Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo is going to look around the entrance (taking 1 second) so Asro can later place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to look for the manager (taking 20 seconds), which will allow Asro to later request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Tomo to hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Asro to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds), and Asro to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will locate the secretary (taking 20 seconds) to reach the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) to then look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) so Asro can later place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds) so Tomo can later grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to achieve the goal of asking the manager.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to be able to grab the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) so Asro can leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo is going to travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) to then hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) so Asro can later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo can take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds) to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and travel from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Tomo will take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Tomo is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds), which will allow Tomo to later place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro is going to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to then leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Tomo is going to move from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Tomo is going to look around the main office desk (taking 1 second), which will allow Tomo to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro is going to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Asro will go from the entrance to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds).
Asro will travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to be able to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to achieve the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo will go from the main office desk towards the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway, taking 58 seconds) to move from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to fulfill the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to achieve the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
