Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro is going to go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo is going to look around the entrance (taking 1 second) so Asro can later put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to locate the manager (taking 20 seconds), which will allow Asro to later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) and Asro to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to locate the secretary (taking 20 seconds) to fulfill the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro will go from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) to then check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will go from the entrance towards the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds) so Tomo can travel from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to then request the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to fulfill the goal of asking the manager.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to then grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds), which will allow Asro to later place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds) to go from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to move from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) to then put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
Tomo will grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo is going to move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) so Tomo can deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Asro will travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) because Tomo will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) and Asro is going to move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo is going to take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Tomo will travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to later be able to leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro will get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds), which will allow Asro to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Tomo will go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to move from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds).
Asro will travel from the entrance to the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds) so Tomo can later go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) so Asro can travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) to travel from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds).
Asro will move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds), which will allow Asro to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) to later be able to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and Tomo is going to scan the main office desk (taking 1 second) to then put the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro will travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to be able to deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo will move from the main office desk towards the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds) to then travel from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to fulfill the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will move from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds) to then go from the kitchen chair to the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to reach the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
