Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro is going to move from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds) so Asro can later travel from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) and Tomo can travel from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
Tomo will check the entrance (taking 1 second), which will allow Asro to later put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will look for the manager (taking 20 seconds), which will allow Asro to later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Tomo to hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Asro to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds), and Asro to give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to look for the secretary (taking 20 seconds) to achieve the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro will move from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) so Asro can scan the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) so Asro can later place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the entrance to the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds) to then move from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds) so Tomo can later travel from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) and travel from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to be able to ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of asking the manager.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to then grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds) to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will go from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) to travel from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds), which will allow Tomo to later move from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) and Asro to move from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds), which will allow Asro to later travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) and move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to then move from the kitchen corridor to the microwave (taking 11 seconds) to later take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and travel from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) to then put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will give mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Tomo is going to take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo will go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds), which will allow Asro to later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Tomo to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds) because Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds), which will allow Asro to later travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) and Asro will move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds), which will allow Asro to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to later be able to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and move from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Tomo will grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to later be able to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro is going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds) and Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds), which will allow Asro to place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the mug being at the entrance to later be able to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds) because Tomo will move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) so Tomo can later travel from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) and Asro can go from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Asro will move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds) so Asro can later move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) and Tomo can travel from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) to go from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds) to later be able to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) to then travel from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds) to later be able to travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk (taking 15 seconds).
Asro will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Asro is going to move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to later be able to deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will go from the main office doorway to the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and Tomo is going to look around the main office desk (taking 1 second) to be able to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro is going to travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds), which will allow Asro to later go from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds).
Asro will deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Asro is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo is going to travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds) to then move from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds), which will allow Tomo to later move from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to achieve the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will go from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds), which will allow Tomo to go from the kitchen chair to the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to reach the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
