Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will check the entrance, which will allow Asro to later put the mug at the entrance.
Tomo is going to locate the manager and the secretary so Asro can later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor, Tomo can hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor, and Asro can deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to move from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance) to then look around the kitchen counter to later be able to leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo will move from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor).
Asro is going to request the manager at the kitchen corridor because Asro is going to move from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf, which will allow Asro to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
Asro will go from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1) to then put the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to take the mug at the microwave and Tomo is going to move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor to then deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1).
Tomo is going to move from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1) to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 to later be able to place the post1 at the main office desk.
Asro is going to leave the mug at the entrance because Asro will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
Tomo will travel from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway) and Tomo will look around the main office desk to then leave the post1 at the main office desk.
Asro is going to move from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1), which will allow Asro to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1) to be able to deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to move from the main office desk towards the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf.
