Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro is going to move to the entrance.
Tomo is going to look around the entrance.
Tomo will find the manager.
Tomo will locate the secretary.
Asro will move towards the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to move towards the kitchen chair.
Asro is going to look around the kitchen counter.
Tomo will travel to the kitchen sink.
Asro is going to move towards the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to request the manager.
Asro will go towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to travel towards the entrance.
Tomo will move to the kitchen table 1.
Asro is going to grasp the paper.
Asro is going to go to the coffee table 1.
Tomo is going to travel towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will move to the microwave.
Asro will go towards the kitchen counter.
Asro will leave the paper.
Tomo will take the mug.
Asro is going to travel towards the coffee table 1.
Tomo is going to travel to the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to go towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to hand mug to the manager.
Tomo is going to move towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro will move towards the coffee table 1.
Asro is going to go towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo is going to move to the office entrance 1.
Asro will take the mug from the the manager.
Tomo is going to take the post1.
Asro will travel towards the entrance.
Tomo is going to go towards the kitchen door 1.
Tomo will travel towards the corridor centre.
Asro will put the mug.
Asro will move to the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to travel towards the kitchen hallway.
Tomo is going to go towards the corridor shelf 1.
Asro will go towards the kitchen door 1.
Tomo will go to the main office doorway.
Asro is going to go towards the office entrance 1.
Asro will grab the post2.
Tomo will go to the main office desk.
Asro will travel to the kitchen door 1.
Asro will move to the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will look around the main office desk.
Tomo will put the post1.
Tomo will go towards the main office doorway.
Tomo will move to the meeting room hallway.
Asro will hand post2 to the manager.
Asro will go towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to move towards the kitchen chair.
Tomo is going to go towards the entrance.
