Narrator is: robot_assistant
Tomo will scan the entrance (taking 1 second).
Tomo is going to find the manager and the secretary (taking 20 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
Asro is going to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
Asro is going to ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Asro is going to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds).
Asro will place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo is going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo will deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will move from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds).
Asro is going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Tomo is going to travel from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds).
Asro is going to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds).
Asro is going to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds).
Tomo will scan the main office desk (taking 1 second).
Tomo is going to put the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will go from the main office desk towards the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair, taking 70 seconds).
Asro is going to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
