Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro will move to the entrance.
Tomo is going to look around the entrance.
Tomo is going to look for the manager.
Tomo will look for the secretary.
Asro will move to the kitchen counter to check the kitchen counter.
Tomo will move to the kitchen chair to then travel to the kitchen sink.
Asro is going to go to the kitchen corridor, which will allow Asro to ask the manager.
Asro will move to the kitchen shelf to grasp the paper.
Tomo is going to travel to the entrance to then travel towards the kitchen table 1.
Asro is going to go towards the coffee table 1.
Tomo will go to the kitchen corridor to travel towards the microwave.
Asro will travel towards the kitchen counter to then put the paper.
Tomo will grasp the mug and Tomo is going to move to the kitchen corridor, which will allow Tomo to deliver mug to the manager.
Asro is going to go to the coffee table 1 to then move to the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will move towards the kitchen door 1 and Asro is going to go towards the coffee table 1, which will allow Asro to travel towards the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will move to the office entrance 1 to be able to grasp the post1.
Asro will take the mug from the the manager and Asro will go towards the entrance to be able to put the mug.
Tomo is going to travel towards the kitchen door 1 so Tomo can travel towards the corridor centre.
Asro will move to the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to go to the kitchen door 1 because Asro is going to move towards the kitchen hallway.
Tomo is going to move to the corridor shelf 1, which will allow Tomo to move to the main office doorway.
Asro is going to move to the office entrance 1 so Asro can grab the post2.
Tomo will leave the post1 because Tomo will move towards the main office desk and Tomo will check the main office desk.
Asro is going to move towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro will go towards the kitchen corridor to be able to deliver post2 to the manager.
Tomo will go to the main office doorway to be able to travel to the meeting room hallway.
Asro is going to move towards the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will travel to the kitchen chair to be able to go to the entrance.
