Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro will go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance, which will allow Asro to later move from the entrance to the kitchen counter and Tomo to go from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink.
Tomo will check the entrance, which will allow Asro to later place the mug at the entrance.
Tomo is going to locate the manager, which will allow Asro to later ask the manager at the kitchen corridor, Tomo to deliver mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor, Asro to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager, and Asro to deliver post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will look for the secretary to fulfill the goal of finding the secretary.
Asro will scan the kitchen counter because Asro is going to move from the entrance towards the kitchen counter, which will allow Asro to later place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to move from the entrance to the kitchen chair, which will allow Tomo to go from the kitchen chair towards the kitchen sink, which will allow Tomo to later go from the kitchen sink to the entrance and travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair.
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor so Asro can request the manager at the kitchen corridor to reach the goal of asking the manager.
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to then grab the paper at the kitchen shelf, which will allow Asro to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen sink to the entrance to be able to travel from the entrance to the kitchen table 1, which will allow Tomo to later go from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor and Asro to go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
Asro will move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 to later be able to go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter and move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf.
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor so Tomo can go from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave, which will allow Tomo to later take the mug at the microwave and go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter so Asro can leave the paper at the kitchen counter to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager.
Tomo is going to hand mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor because Tomo will take the mug at the microwave and Tomo will go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor so Asro can later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and Tomo can take the post1 at the office entrance 1.
Asro will travel from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1, which will allow Asro to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf, which will allow Asro to later go from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1.
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1 and Asro will go from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1, which will allow Asro to go from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor to later be able to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance.
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 to be able to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1, which will allow Tomo to later leave the post1 at the main office desk.
Asro is going to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager and Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance to then put the mug at the entrance to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance, which will allow Asro to later take the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Tomo is going to move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 to go from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre, which will allow Tomo to later go from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 and Asro to travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1.
Asro will move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor so Asro can later move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway and Tomo can move from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
Asro will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway to then go from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 to later travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
Tomo will go from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 so Tomo can travel from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway, which will allow Tomo to later travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk.
Asro will take the post2 at the office entrance 1 because Asro is going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1, which will allow Asro to later give post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor.
Tomo will travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk and Tomo will check the main office desk to be able to leave the post1 at the main office desk to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
Asro is going to go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 to later travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Asro is going to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor because Asro will go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of the post2 being at the the manager.
Tomo is going to move from the main office desk to the main office doorway to then move from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway to later go from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair.
Asro will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to fulfill the goal of Asro being at the kitchen shelf.
Tomo will travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair to be able to travel from the kitchen chair towards the entrance to reach the goal of Tomo being at the entrance.
