Narrator is: robot_assistant
Asro will move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo will check the entrance (taking 1 second).
Tomo will look for the manager (taking 20 seconds).
Tomo is going to find the secretary (taking 20 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the entrance to the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds).
Asro is going to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Tomo is going to travel from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
Asro is going to ask the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo will move from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds).
Asro will take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo will go from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds).
Asro is going to leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will move from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Tomo is going to give mug to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds).
Asro will move from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Asro will move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro will get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the the manager (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Tomo will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds).
Asro is going to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds).
Asro is going to go from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo is going to go from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds).
Asro is going to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro is going to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Tomo will move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds).
Asro will travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Asro is going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds).
Tomo is going to check the main office desk (taking 1 second).
Tomo will put the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Tomo will travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
Asro is going to hand post2 to the manager at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Asro will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
Tomo is going to move from the kitchen chair to the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
