Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) so I can later travel from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) and Hsr Robot can go from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
Hsr Robot will scan the entrance (taking 1 second) so I can later leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will locate person1 (taking 20 seconds) to achieve the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot will find person2 (taking 20 seconds) so I can later ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Hsr Robot can give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), I can get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds), and I can give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) so I can later place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the entrance towards the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds) to be able to move from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds) to later move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) and travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
I will request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because I am going to go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds), which will allow me to grab the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds) to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds) to move from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds), which will allow Hsr Robot to later move from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) and me to go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds), which will allow me to later move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) and travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the microwave (taking 11 seconds) because Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds), which will allow Hsr Robot to later grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I will go from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds) so I can put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later be able to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Hsr Robot will grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) so I can later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot can take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds) so I can later travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) and I will travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds), which will allow me to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) so Hsr Robot can later leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and I will move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to be able to put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance to later take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) so Hsr Robot can travel from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds), which will allow Hsr Robot to later go from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) and me to travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
I am going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds) so I can later go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) and Hsr Robot can go from the kitchen chair to the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) so I can travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds), which will allow me to later go from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds) because Hsr Robot is going to go from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) so Hsr Robot can later travel from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to then grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) to later be able to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to scan the main office desk (taking 1 second), which will allow Hsr Robot to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I will travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) to later be able to travel from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds), which will allow Hsr Robot to go from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds), which will allow Hsr Robot to later move from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to achieve the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will go from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds) to then travel from the kitchen chair to the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to fulfill the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
