Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot will look around the entrance (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot will find person1 (taking 20 seconds).
Hsr Robot will look for person2 (taking 20 seconds).
I will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the entrance towards the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds).
I am going to look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen chair towards the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
I am going to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds).
I am going to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the kitchen corridor to the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to move from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds).
I am going to place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I will go from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot will give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I am going to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds).
I am going to put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will travel from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds).
I will go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds).
Hsr Robot will scan the main office desk (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot will place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
I am going to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
