Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot will look around the entrance (taking 1 second), which will allow me to later put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will look for person1 (taking 20 seconds) to achieve the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot will find person2 (taking 20 seconds) so I can later ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) and I can hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds), which will allow me to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later be able to leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) so I can request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to fulfill the goal of asking person2.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) so I can take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) to then leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Hsr Robot is going to grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) so Hsr Robot can grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) to later leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and I will move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) so I can place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Hsr Robot will look around the main office desk (taking 1 second) to leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I will travel from the entrance to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds) to then grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to be able to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office desk to the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway, taking 58 seconds) to go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to reach the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
