Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to travel from the kitchen sink towards the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to look around the entrance so I can later place the mug at the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to locate person1 to fulfill the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot will find person2 so I can later request person2 at the kitchen corridor and I can hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to move from the entrance towards the kitchen counter, which will allow me to scan the kitchen counter so I can later put the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will go from the entrance to the kitchen chair so Hsr Robot can travel from the kitchen chair towards the kitchen sink.
I will move from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor so I can ask person2 at the kitchen corridor to reach the goal of asking person2.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf to be able to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf so I can later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen sink towards the entrance to go from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor, which will allow Hsr Robot to move from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave.
I am going to travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter, which will allow me to leave the paper at the kitchen counter to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to grasp the mug at the microwave and Hsr Robot will travel from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the coffee table 1 to be able to go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 and I am going to travel from the kitchen shelf towards the coffee table 1, which will allow me to travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 so Hsr Robot can take the post1 at the office entrance 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to later put the post1 at the main office desk.
I am going to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 and I am going to go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance, which will allow me to put the mug at the entrance to fulfill the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Hsr Robot will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre.
I will go from the entrance to the kitchen corridor so Hsr Robot can later go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway, which will allow me to travel from the kitchen hallway towards the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to go from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway.
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 to be able to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 so I can later hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will move from the main office doorway to the main office desk and Hsr Robot is going to check the main office desk to be able to place the post1 at the main office desk to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor to be able to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway because Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office desk towards the main office doorway.
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair so Hsr Robot can move from the kitchen chair to the entrance to achieve the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
