Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will go from the kitchen sink to the entrance, which will allow me to later go from the entrance to the kitchen counter and Hsr Robot to travel from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink.
Hsr Robot is going to check the entrance so I can later put the mug at the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person1 to fulfill the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot is going to locate person2, which will allow me to later request person2 at the kitchen corridor, Hsr Robot to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor, me to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2, and me to hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen counter to look around the kitchen counter, which will allow me to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the entrance to the kitchen chair to be able to move from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink to later be able to travel from the kitchen sink to the entrance and go from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair.
I am going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor to be able to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf so I can later put the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen sink to the entrance to be able to travel from the entrance to the kitchen table 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to later move from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor and me to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
I am going to move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 so I can later go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter and move from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor, which will allow Hsr Robot to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave, which will allow Hsr Robot to later take the mug at the microwave and travel from the microwave to the kitchen corridor.
I will travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter, which will allow me to place the paper at the kitchen counter to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter to later be able to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to grasp the mug at the microwave and Hsr Robot is going to go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor to be able to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor, which will allow me to later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 and Hsr Robot to take the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to move from the kitchen counter towards the coffee table 1, which will allow me to travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf so I can later travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 and I will move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 so I can move from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen corridor to later take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 and move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance.
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to later put the post1 at the main office desk.
I am going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 and I will go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance to then leave the mug at the entrance to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance so I can later grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Hsr Robot is going to move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 to be able to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre so Hsr Robot can later go from the corridor centre towards the corridor shelf 1 and I can move from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1.
I will go from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor so I can later go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen hallway and Hsr Robot can go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway to then move from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1 to later be able to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 so Hsr Robot can move from the corridor shelf 1 towards the main office doorway so Hsr Robot can later move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk.
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 to grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 to later deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the main office doorway to the main office desk and Hsr Robot will scan the main office desk, which will allow Hsr Robot to leave the post1 at the main office desk to achieve the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1, which will allow me to later go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor.
I will move from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor to deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to reach the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot will move from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway because Hsr Robot is going to travel from the main office desk towards the main office doorway to later travel from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair.
I will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will move from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair to move from the kitchen chair to the entrance to achieve the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
