Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to travel towards the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to scan the entrance.
Hsr Robot will look for person1.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2.
I am going to move towards the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to move to the kitchen chair.
I am going to scan the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen sink.
I am going to go to the kitchen corridor.
I am going to request person2.
I will travel to the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will go towards the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen table 1.
I am going to take the paper.
I am going to move to the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot will travel towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will move to the microwave.
I am going to travel to the kitchen counter.
I am going to place the paper.
Hsr Robot is going to grasp the mug.
I am going to move towards the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot is going to move towards the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will deliver mug to person2.
Hsr Robot will travel towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to move to the coffee table 1.
I will go towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will go to the office entrance 1.
I am going to get the mug from the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to take the post1.
I will move towards the entrance.
Hsr Robot will travel to the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to travel to the corridor centre.
I am going to place the mug.
I will go to the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go to the kitchen hallway.
Hsr Robot will go towards the corridor shelf 1.
I will go to the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot will go to the main office doorway.
I am going to travel towards the office entrance 1.
I will take the post2.
Hsr Robot is going to go to the main office desk.
I am going to move towards the kitchen door 1.
I will travel to the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will look around the main office desk.
Hsr Robot will put the post1.
Hsr Robot is going to go to the main office doorway.
Hsr Robot is going to move to the meeting room hallway.
I am going to hand post2 to person2.
I will move to the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen chair.
Hsr Robot will travel to the entrance.
