Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink to the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to check the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to locate person1.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2.
I am going to move from the entrance to the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will travel from the entrance to the kitchen chair.
I am going to look around the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink.
I am going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor.
I will ask person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen sink to the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the entrance to the kitchen table 1.
I will grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I am going to move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen table 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave.
I am going to travel from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen counter.
I am going to leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will grab the mug at the microwave.
I am going to move from the kitchen counter towards the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot will move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor.
I will move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1.
I will travel from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1.
I am going to move from the coffee table 1 to the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1.
I will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2.
Hsr Robot will grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the entrance.
Hsr Robot will travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre.
I will place the mug at the entrance.
I am going to travel from the entrance to the kitchen corridor.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway.
Hsr Robot is going to move from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1.
I will go from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway.
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
I am going to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
Hsr Robot will move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk.
I will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will scan the main office desk.
Hsr Robot will put the post1 at the main office desk.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the main office desk towards the main office doorway.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway.
I am going to hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen chair.
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
