Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will travel to the entrance.
Hsr Robot will scan the entrance so I can later leave the mug at the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to find person1.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2 so I can later ask person2 at the kitchen corridor and I can hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go to the kitchen counter to check the kitchen counter to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will move towards the kitchen chair so Hsr Robot can go towards the kitchen sink.
I am going to request person2 because I will travel to the kitchen corridor.
I am going to move to the kitchen shelf so I can take the paper, which will allow me to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will travel to the entrance so Hsr Robot can go towards the kitchen table 1.
I am going to travel to the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot will go to the kitchen corridor to then go towards the microwave.
I am going to leave the paper because I am going to travel towards the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will take the mug and Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen corridor to be able to hand mug to person2.
I will go to the coffee table 1 to travel to the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to move to the kitchen door 1 and I am going to go to the coffee table 1, which will allow me to go towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the office entrance 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to take the post1 to later leave the post1 at the main office desk.
I am going to get the mug from the person2 and I will move towards the entrance so I can place the mug.
Hsr Robot will move to the kitchen door 1 to go to the corridor centre.
I am going to travel to the kitchen corridor, which will allow Hsr Robot to later go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance.
I will go towards the kitchen hallway, which will allow me to go towards the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the main office doorway because Hsr Robot will travel towards the corridor shelf 1.
I will move to the office entrance 1 to be able to grab the post2 to later deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot is going to move towards the main office desk and Hsr Robot will look around the main office desk so Hsr Robot can place the post1.
I am going to move towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go to the kitchen corridor to give post2 to person2.
Hsr Robot will travel towards the main office doorway to be able to travel to the meeting room hallway.
I will go towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot will move towards the kitchen chair to be able to move towards the entrance.
