Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot will look around the entrance (taking 1 second), which will allow me to later place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will locate person1 (taking 20 seconds) to reach the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot will locate person2 (taking 20 seconds), which will allow me to later request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), Hsr Robot to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), me to take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds), and me to deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) so I can look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) so I can later leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds) to later be able to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds), which will allow me to request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to fulfill the goal of asking person2.
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to be able to take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) to be able to put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter, which will allow me to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds) to be able to give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds), which will allow me to later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot to take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds) so I can later get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and go from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) so Hsr Robot can later place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to then place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to fulfill the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Hsr Robot will place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) because Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Hsr Robot will check the main office desk (taking 1 second) to achieve the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to travel from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds) so I can grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because I will move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to reach the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot will travel from the main office desk to the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway, taking 58 seconds) so Hsr Robot can go from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds) to reach the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to fulfill the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
