Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot will scan the entrance (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot is going to find person1 and person2 (taking 20 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
I am going to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
I will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds).
I am going to request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
I will grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds).
I will leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the microwave towards the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to deliver mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will move from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds).
I am going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance (taking 18 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds).
I will put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to travel from the entrance to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds).
I will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds).
Hsr Robot will look around the main office desk (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot is going to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office desk to the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair, taking 70 seconds).
I am going to deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
