Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to travel to the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to check the entrance.
Hsr Robot will locate person1.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2.
I am going to travel to the kitchen counter to then look around the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot is going to travel to the kitchen chair, which will allow Hsr Robot to go to the kitchen sink.
I am going to travel towards the kitchen corridor to ask person2.
I will go to the kitchen shelf so I can take the paper.
Hsr Robot is going to travel to the kitchen table 1 because Hsr Robot is going to go towards the entrance.
I am going to travel to the coffee table 1.
Hsr Robot will travel towards the kitchen corridor, which will allow Hsr Robot to travel to the microwave.
I will travel towards the kitchen counter to be able to place the paper.
Hsr Robot will take the mug and Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen corridor to deliver mug to person2.
I am going to go to the coffee table 1 so I can go towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to move to the kitchen door 1 and I will travel towards the coffee table 1 so I can travel towards the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will grasp the post1 because Hsr Robot is going to travel to the office entrance 1.
I will get the mug from the person2 and I am going to move towards the entrance so I can put the mug.
Hsr Robot is going to travel to the kitchen door 1 so Hsr Robot can travel to the corridor centre.
I will travel towards the kitchen corridor.
I will travel towards the kitchen hallway, which will allow me to move to the kitchen door 1.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the corridor shelf 1 to be able to go towards the main office doorway.
I will travel to the office entrance 1, which will allow me to take the post2.
Hsr Robot will place the post1 because Hsr Robot will go to the main office desk and Hsr Robot is going to check the main office desk.
I will travel to the kitchen door 1.
I will move towards the kitchen corridor to be able to hand post2 to person2.
Hsr Robot is going to move towards the main office doorway to then travel to the meeting room hallway.
I am going to go towards the kitchen shelf.
Hsr Robot is going to travel towards the kitchen chair to move to the entrance.
