Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot is going to scan the entrance, which will allow me to later leave the mug at the entrance.
Hsr Robot will locate person1 to achieve the goal of finding person1.
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2, which will allow me to later ask person2 at the kitchen corridor and me to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to look around the kitchen counter because I will go from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance) to later put the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will go from the entrance to the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor).
I am going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor so I can request person2 at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I will go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf so I can grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I will leave the paper at the kitchen counter because I will travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1) to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will grab the mug at the microwave and Hsr Robot is going to go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor to then hand mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1) so Hsr Robot can take the post1 at the office entrance 1, which will allow Hsr Robot to later leave the post1 at the main office desk.
I will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 and I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance, which will allow me to put the mug at the entrance to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
Hsr Robot is going to travel from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway) and Hsr Robot is going to check the main office desk to then leave the post1 at the main office desk to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to move from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1) to take the post2 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1) to be able to deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen chair to the entrance because Hsr Robot is going to go from the main office desk to the kitchen chair (via main office doorway and meeting room hallway) to achieve the goal of hsr robot being at the entrance.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to fulfill the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
