Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot is going to scan the entrance (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot will find person1 and person2 (taking 20 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen sink to the kitchen counter (via entrance, taking 22 seconds) to be able to look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor, taking 65 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds), which will allow me to request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to be able to take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1, taking 19 seconds) so I can leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Hsr Robot is going to take the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to go from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1, taking 36 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to then take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to then place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway, taking 87 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to scan the main office desk (taking 1 second) to then place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to travel from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1, taking 52 seconds), which will allow me to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) so I can give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the main office desk to the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair, taking 70 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
