Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to scan the entrance (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot will look for person1 (taking 20 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to look for person2 (taking 20 seconds).
I will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the kitchen chair to the kitchen sink (taking 16 seconds) because Hsr Robot is going to move from the entrance to the kitchen chair (taking 12 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to request person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) so I can take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds) so Hsr Robot can move from the entrance towards the kitchen table 1 (taking 12 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the kitchen table 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds) to then move from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
I will go from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen counter (taking 8 seconds), which will allow me to put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to give mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because Hsr Robot is going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen counter towards the coffee table 1 (taking 8 seconds) so I can move from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen shelf (taking 11 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) and I will move from the kitchen shelf to the coffee table 1 (taking 11 seconds) so I can travel from the coffee table 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 6 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to get the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2 (taking 2 seconds) and I am going to move from the kitchen corridor to the entrance (taking 18 seconds) to place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) so Hsr Robot can move from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds).
I am going to travel from the entrance to the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen hallway (taking 9 seconds) so I can go from the kitchen hallway to the kitchen door 1 (taking 17 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the corridor centre to the corridor shelf 1 (taking 9 seconds) to travel from the corridor shelf 1 to the main office doorway (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds), which will allow me to take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot is going to move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and Hsr Robot is going to look around the main office desk (taking 1 second) to be able to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
Hsr Robot will go from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds) to then move from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
Hsr Robot will travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen chair (taking 22 seconds) so Hsr Robot can move from the kitchen chair towards the entrance (taking 12 seconds).
