Narrator is: robot_assistant
Hsr Robot will look around the entrance.
Hsr Robot will look for person1 and person2.
I will move from the kitchen sink towards the kitchen counter (via entrance).
Hsr Robot is going to go from the entrance towards the microwave (via kitchen chair, entrance, kitchen sink, entrance, kitchen table 1, and kitchen corridor).
I am going to check the kitchen counter.
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor.
I am going to request person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf.
I am going to grab the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I will move from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via coffee table 1).
I am going to place the paper at the kitchen counter.
Hsr Robot will grab the mug at the microwave.
I will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (via coffee table 1, kitchen shelf, and coffee table 1).
Hsr Robot will move from the microwave to the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot is going to hand mug to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
Hsr Robot will go from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1).
I will take the mug at the kitchen corridor from the person2.
Hsr Robot is going to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the entrance.
Hsr Robot will go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, corridor shelf 1, and main office doorway).
I am going to place the mug at the entrance.
I will move from the entrance towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor, kitchen hallway, and kitchen door 1).
I will grab the post2 at the office entrance 1.
I will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1).
Hsr Robot will look around the main office desk.
Hsr Robot will leave the post1 at the main office desk.
Hsr Robot will go from the main office desk towards the entrance (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen chair).
I will give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
