Narrator is: rover0
I am going to take an image of objective0 with camera3, which will allow me to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 will transmit soil data of waypoint8 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover5 is going to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate soil data of waypoint5 to general lander because Rover2 is going to sample soil to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover3 will communicate image data of objective5 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover2 is going to travel towards waypoint0 to transmit image data of objective7 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover5 is going to travel towards waypoint0, which will allow Rover5 to communicate rock data of waypoint19 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
I will transmit image data of objective4 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover4 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint18 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover4 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint3 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover4 will transmit rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover4 will transmit rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover4 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint9 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective6 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 will transmit image data of objective7 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 will communicate rock data of waypoint17 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
