Narrator is: rover0
I am going to sample rock because I will move towards waypoint1 to later leave the load at store mestore and communicate rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 will go to waypoint10 to then sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to later drop the load at store rover1store and communicate rock data of waypoint10 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover2 will travel towards waypoint1 and Rover2 is going to calibrate camera3 for objective3 so Rover2 can capture an image of objective2 with camera3, which will allow Rover2 to later transmit image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to calibrate camera2 for objective2 to then capture an image of objective0 with camera2 so I can later transmit image data of objective0 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to calibrate camera2 for objective2 to later be able to take an image of objective4 with camera2 in high res mode at waypoint1.
Rover2 is going to calibrate camera3 for objective3.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint2, which will allow Rover1 to later travel from waypoint2 towards waypoint5.
I am going to leave the load so I can later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint1.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated, which will allow Rover2 to later communicate image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6 and me to communicate image data of objective0 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 is going to drop the load and Rover1 will move to waypoint5, which will allow Rover1 to sample rock so Rover1 can later drop the load at store rover1store and communicate rock data of waypoint5 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to sample soil to later be able to drop the load at store mestore and communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I will capture an image of objective4 with camera2 to later transmit image data of objective4 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to calibrate camera2 for objective2.
Rover2 will transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated so I can later transmit image data of objective0 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to leave the load to later be able to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint2 to later go from waypoint2 to waypoint9.
Rover1 will sample soil because Rover1 will leave the load and Rover1 will go to waypoint9, which will allow Rover1 to later drop the load at store rover1store and transmit soil data of waypoint9 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated to later communicate image data of objective4 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint2, which will allow Rover1 to later move from waypoint2 towards waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to leave the load and Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint4 so Rover1 can sample soil to later be able to leave the load at store rover1store and communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to transmit image data of objective4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6, me to move from waypoint1 to waypoint3, me to move from waypoint3 towards waypoint1, and me to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint7 to later be able to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint7, communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6, transmit soil data of waypoint7 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6, transmit soil data of waypoint9 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6, transmit rock data of waypoint10 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6, and communicate rock data of waypoint5 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 will leave the load, which will allow Rover1 to later sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint7.
Rover1 will sample soil, which will allow Rover1 to communicate soil data of waypoint7 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated to later transmit soil data of waypoint9 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint7 from waypoint7 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to travel to waypoint3 to sample rock to later communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
I am going to travel to waypoint1 to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint6.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint9 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint10 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint5 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
I will communicate rock data of waypoint3 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
