Narrator is: rover0
Rover3 is going to sample soil to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint0.
I am going to travel towards waypoint0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective0 to take an image of objective0 with camera2, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit image data of objective0 in high res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint0.
Rover2 will go to waypoint4, which will allow Rover2 to sample rock to later transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint0.
I will travel to waypoint1 to be able to sample soil to later communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective0.
Rover3 will move to waypoint2 so Rover3 can later communicate soil data of waypoint3 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint0.
Rover3 will leave the load.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint0.
Rover2 is going to go to waypoint2.
Rover3 will communicate soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint1 to then take an image of objective0 with camera2 so Rover1 can later communicate image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint0.
Rover2 is going to travel towards waypoint1 to then communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
I am going to drop the load.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera2 for objective0.
Rover1 will communicate image data of objective0 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to capture an image of objective2 with camera2 so Rover1 can transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 will travel to waypoint4, which will allow Rover3 to sample soil so Rover3 can later transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to communicate image data of objective0 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to travel towards waypoint3 to be able to travel to waypoint0.
Rover3 will move towards waypoint1 so Rover3 can communicate soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will communicate soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint2 to be able to go towards waypoint5.
Rover1 will sample rock and Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint2 to be able to communicate rock data of waypoint5 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
