Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will go from the kitchen sink towards the entrance to then check the entrance to later be able to leave the mug at the entrance.
I will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter to be able to look around the kitchen counter, which will allow me to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
I will locate person1 to achieve the goal of finding person1.
I am going to look for person2 and I am going to go from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor to be able to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the microwave to later take the mug at the microwave, travel from the microwave towards the entrance, and go from the entrance to the kitchen corridor.
I will put the mug at the entrance because I will grab the mug at the microwave and I am going to move from the microwave towards the entrance to fulfill the goal of the mug being at the entrance to later be able to grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I will go from the entrance to the kitchen corridor to later be able to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
I will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf so I can grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter.
I am going to move from the kitchen shelf to the microwave so I can later travel from the microwave towards the kitchen counter and go from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf.
I will move from the microwave towards the kitchen counter, which will allow me to put the paper at the kitchen counter to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter so I can later grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
I will move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor to then go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1, which will allow me to later go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 and travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
I will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 to take the post2 at the office entrance 1 to later deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I will travel from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 to later be able to move from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor and move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1.
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor so I can give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to reach the goal of the post2 being at the person2 to later be able to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 to later be able to go from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
I will travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 to then grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 so I can later leave the post1 at the main office desk.
I will move from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1, which will allow me to later travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre.
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre to be able to travel from the corridor centre to the main office doorway to later be able to go from the main office doorway towards the main office desk.
I will go from the main office doorway to the main office desk and I will scan the main office desk to place the post1 at the main office desk to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I will travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway, which will allow me to later move from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway.
I am going to travel from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway to travel from the meeting room hallway towards the kitchen sink, which will allow me to later move from the kitchen sink to the microwave.
I will go from the kitchen sink towards the microwave so I can travel from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf to achieve the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
