Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink towards the entrance.
I am going to look around the entrance.
I will move from the entrance towards the kitchen counter.
I am going to check the kitchen counter.
I am going to find person1.
I will find person2.
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor.
I am going to request person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the microwave.
I am going to take the mug at the microwave.
I am going to move from the microwave to the entrance.
I am going to put the mug at the entrance.
I will move from the entrance to the kitchen corridor.
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf.
I will grab the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I am going to travel from the kitchen shelf towards the microwave.
I am going to move from the microwave to the kitchen counter.
I am going to put the paper at the kitchen counter.
I will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
I am going to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1.
I will move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1.
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor.
I am going to deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1.
I will take the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1.
I will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre.
I will move from the corridor centre to the main office doorway.
I am going to move from the main office doorway to the main office desk.
I will scan the main office desk.
I will leave the post1 at the main office desk.
I will travel from the main office desk towards the main office doorway.
I am going to travel from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway.
I will move from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen sink.
I am going to move from the kitchen sink to the microwave.
I will travel from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf.
