Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to look around the entrance (taking 1 second) because I will travel from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds), which will allow me to later place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will move from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) to then check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to find person1 (taking 20 seconds) to achieve the goal of finding person1.
I will ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) because I am going to look for person2 (taking 20 seconds) and I am going to move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor to the microwave (taking 11 seconds) to later be able to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds), go from the microwave towards the entrance (taking 19 seconds), and travel from the entrance towards the kitchen shelf (via kitchen corridor, taking 35 seconds).
I am going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and I will travel from the microwave towards the entrance (taking 19 seconds) to be able to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
I will travel from the entrance towards the kitchen shelf (via kitchen corridor, taking 35 seconds), which will allow me to take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen shelf to the kitchen counter (via microwave, taking 12 seconds) so I can leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
I will go from the kitchen counter towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor and kitchen door 1, taking 44 seconds) so I can grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) so I can hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) so I can take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to move from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, and main office doorway, taking 81 seconds) and I will scan the main office desk (taking 1 second) to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to travel from the main office desk towards the microwave (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen sink, taking 86 seconds) to then move from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf (taking 7 seconds) to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
