Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink to the entrance, which will allow me to check the entrance to later be able to put the mug at the entrance.
I will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter to scan the kitchen counter to later leave the paper at the kitchen counter.
I will find person1 to reach the goal of finding person1.
I am going to find person2 and I will travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor so I can request person2 at the kitchen corridor to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the microwave to later be able to grasp the mug at the microwave, move from the microwave to the entrance, and travel from the entrance to the kitchen shelf (via kitchen corridor).
I will leave the mug at the entrance because I am going to take the mug at the microwave and I will move from the microwave towards the entrance to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
I am going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen shelf (via kitchen corridor) to then take the paper at the kitchen shelf.
I will move from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via microwave), which will allow me to place the paper at the kitchen counter to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
I am going to go from the kitchen counter towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor and kitchen door 1) to then take the post2 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1), which will allow me to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1) so I can grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1.
I am going to leave the post1 at the main office desk because I will go from the office entrance 1 towards the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, and main office doorway) and I am going to check the main office desk to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to move from the main office desk towards the microwave (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, and kitchen sink) to then go from the microwave to the kitchen shelf to fulfill the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
