Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will go from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) so I can scan the entrance (taking 1 second) to later be able to leave the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will travel from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds) to be able to check the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will locate person1 (taking 20 seconds) to reach the goal of finding person1.
I will find person2 (taking 20 seconds) and I will move from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) so I can ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I am going to move from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds) to later be able to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds), go from the microwave towards the entrance (taking 19 seconds), and move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
I will grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and I will move from the microwave towards the entrance (taking 19 seconds) so I can put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance to later take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds).
I will move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds) to later go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds) to then grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds), which will allow me to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen shelf to the microwave (taking 7 seconds) to later be able to move from the microwave to the kitchen counter (taking 5 seconds) and travel from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf (taking 7 seconds).
I will move from the microwave to the kitchen counter (taking 5 seconds), which will allow me to put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter so I can later take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) so I can later travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) and travel from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to take the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) so I can later hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will move from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) so I can later travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) and go from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to reach the goal of the post2 being at the person2 to later grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds) so I can later travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to be able to grasp the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) to later place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will go from the office entrance 1 to the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds) to later travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds) to then move from the corridor centre towards the main office doorway (taking 29 seconds) to later go from the main office doorway to the main office desk (taking 15 seconds).
I will move from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and I will scan the main office desk (taking 1 second) to be able to place the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I will travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds) to later be able to travel from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds).
I will travel from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds) to be able to go from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen sink (taking 38 seconds), which will allow me to later move from the kitchen sink to the microwave (taking 12 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen sink towards the microwave (taking 12 seconds) so I can go from the microwave to the kitchen shelf (taking 7 seconds) to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
