Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink towards the entrance so I can check the entrance to later be able to leave the mug at the entrance.
I will look around the kitchen counter because I am going to go from the entrance to the kitchen counter to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter.
I am going to find person1 to fulfill the goal of finding person1.
I am going to look for person2 and I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor to be able to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of asking person2.
I am going to go from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave.
I will grab the mug at the microwave and I am going to travel from the microwave towards the entrance to be able to put the mug at the entrance to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
I will go from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor.
I will grasp the paper at the kitchen shelf because I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen shelf to later place the paper at the kitchen counter.
I will move from the kitchen shelf towards the microwave, which will allow me to later go from the microwave to the kitchen shelf.
I will move from the microwave to the kitchen counter to leave the paper at the kitchen counter to achieve the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
I will travel from the kitchen counter towards the kitchen corridor to then go from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1.
I will travel from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 to then grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 to later give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I am going to go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
I am going to go from the kitchen door 1 to the kitchen corridor to then give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1.
I am going to grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 because I will travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 to later be able to place the post1 at the main office desk.
I will travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1.
I will move from the kitchen door 1 to the corridor centre to be able to move from the corridor centre to the main office doorway.
I will move from the main office doorway to the main office desk and I will scan the main office desk to be able to place the post1 at the main office desk to fulfill the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to travel from the main office desk towards the main office doorway.
I will travel from the main office doorway towards the meeting room hallway to then travel from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen sink.
I am going to travel from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf because I will move from the kitchen sink towards the microwave to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
