Narrator is: robot_assistant
I am going to move from the kitchen sink to the entrance (taking 8 seconds) to then look around the entrance (taking 1 second) to later put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will go from the entrance to the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds), which will allow me to look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) to later be able to place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to locate person1 (taking 20 seconds) to fulfill the goal of finding person1.
I will find person2 (taking 20 seconds) and I am going to go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds), which will allow me to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to achieve the goal of asking person2.
I will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
I will grasp the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and I am going to go from the microwave to the entrance (taking 19 seconds) to be able to place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds) to reach the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
I will move from the entrance towards the kitchen corridor (taking 18 seconds).
I am going to grab the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds) because I will move from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen shelf (taking 17 seconds), which will allow me to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to go from the kitchen shelf towards the microwave (taking 7 seconds) so I can later go from the microwave to the kitchen shelf (taking 7 seconds).
I am going to move from the microwave to the kitchen counter (taking 5 seconds) so I can place the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
I am going to travel from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds), which will allow me to travel from the kitchen corridor towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen door 1 towards the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) so I can grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) so I can later deliver post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen door 1 towards the kitchen corridor (taking 26 seconds) to give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds) to achieve the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
I will move from the kitchen corridor to the kitchen door 1 (taking 26 seconds).
I am going to travel from the kitchen door 1 to the office entrance 1 (taking 8 seconds) to then grab the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) so I can later leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will go from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen door 1 (taking 8 seconds).
I will go from the kitchen door 1 towards the corridor centre (taking 29 seconds), which will allow me to move from the corridor centre to the main office doorway (taking 29 seconds).
I will go from the main office doorway towards the main office desk (taking 15 seconds) and I am going to check the main office desk (taking 1 second), which will allow me to leave the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds) to achieve the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to travel from the main office desk to the main office doorway (taking 15 seconds).
I am going to move from the main office doorway to the meeting room hallway (taking 21 seconds) so I can move from the meeting room hallway to the kitchen sink (taking 38 seconds).
I am going to move from the kitchen sink towards the microwave (taking 12 seconds) so I can move from the microwave to the kitchen shelf (taking 7 seconds) to reach the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
