Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will travel from the kitchen sink towards the entrance (taking 8 seconds) to check the entrance (taking 1 second) to later place the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will look around the kitchen counter (taking 1 second) because I am going to go from the entrance towards the kitchen counter (taking 14 seconds), which will allow me to later put the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will find person1 and person2 (taking 20 seconds) to later be able to hand post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will locate person1 and person2 (taking 20 seconds) and I will go from the kitchen counter to the kitchen corridor (taking 10 seconds) to ask person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the microwave (taking 11 seconds).
I am going to grab the mug at the microwave (taking 2 seconds) and I will travel from the microwave to the entrance (taking 19 seconds) so I can put the mug at the entrance (taking 2.5 seconds).
I will take the paper at the kitchen shelf (taking 2 seconds) because I am going to travel from the entrance towards the kitchen shelf (via kitchen corridor, taking 35 seconds).
I will move from the kitchen shelf towards the kitchen counter (via microwave, taking 12 seconds), which will allow me to leave the paper at the kitchen counter (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to grasp the post2 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because I will go from the kitchen counter towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen corridor and kitchen door 1, taking 44 seconds).
I will travel from the office entrance 1 towards the kitchen corridor (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds) to then give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor (taking 2 seconds).
I am going to take the post1 at the office entrance 1 (taking 2 seconds) because I will travel from the kitchen corridor towards the office entrance 1 (via kitchen door 1, taking 34 seconds).
I will move from the office entrance 1 to the main office desk (via kitchen door 1, corridor centre, and main office doorway, taking 81 seconds) and I will check the main office desk (taking 1 second) to put the post1 at the main office desk (taking 2.5 seconds).
I am going to travel from the main office desk to the kitchen shelf (via main office doorway, meeting room hallway, kitchen sink, and microwave, taking 93 seconds).
