Narrator is: robot_assistant
I will go to the entrance to look around the entrance to later put the mug at the entrance.
I will move to the kitchen counter, which will allow me to scan the kitchen counter, which will allow me to later put the paper at the kitchen counter.
I will find person1 to fulfill the goal of finding person1.
I am going to locate person2 and I am going to move towards the kitchen corridor to request person2 to reach the goal of asking person2.
I am going to travel to the microwave.
I am going to grasp the mug and I am going to travel to the entrance to be able to put the mug to achieve the goal of the mug being at the entrance.
I will travel towards the kitchen corridor.
I will go towards the kitchen shelf, which will allow me to grab the paper to later be able to put the paper at the kitchen counter.
I am going to travel towards the microwave so I can later travel from the microwave towards the kitchen shelf.
I am going to go to the kitchen counter to be able to place the paper to fulfill the goal of the paper being at the kitchen counter.
I will go towards the kitchen corridor, which will allow me to go to the kitchen door 1.
I will travel towards the office entrance 1 to grasp the post2 so I can later give post2 to person2 at the kitchen corridor.
I will go to the kitchen door 1.
I am going to hand post2 to person2 because I will go to the kitchen corridor to fulfill the goal of the post2 being at the person2.
I will travel towards the kitchen door 1.
I will travel towards the office entrance 1 to take the post1, which will allow me to later leave the post1 at the main office desk.
I am going to go towards the kitchen door 1.
I will go towards the corridor centre to then go towards the main office doorway.
I will move towards the main office desk and I am going to look around the main office desk to be able to place the post1 to reach the goal of the post1 being at the main office desk.
I am going to go towards the main office doorway.
I will travel towards the kitchen sink because I will go to the meeting room hallway.
I will travel to the microwave, which will allow me to move towards the kitchen shelf to fulfill the goal of me being at the kitchen shelf.
