Narrator is: rover0
I am going to calibrate camera4 for objective1.
I will sample soil to later transmit soil data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover1 will travel to waypoint2.
Rover2 will move towards waypoint1 so Rover2 can sample rock to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint8 and Rover3 will sample rock to be able to communicate rock data of waypoint8 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
I will travel towards waypoint0 to capture an image of objective1 with camera4 to later transmit image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to sample soil and Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint0 so Rover1 can transmit soil data of waypoint2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will calibrate camera4 for objective1 so I can capture an image of objective2 with camera4, which will allow me to later transmit image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 is going to move towards waypoint0.
Rover2 will drop the load and Rover2 is going to go towards waypoint4 to then sample soil so Rover2 can later communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will drop the load.
I will calibrate camera4 for objective1 to take an image of objective3 with camera4 to later be able to communicate image data of objective3 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I will communicate soil data of waypoint7 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint7 so Rover3 can sample rock so Rover3 can later communicate rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 is going to drop the load to then sample rock so Rover2 can later transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will move towards waypoint0.
Rover2 will drop the load and Rover2 will travel towards waypoint5 so Rover2 can sample soil so Rover2 can later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will go to waypoint0 to later transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I am going to communicate image data of objective1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover2 will go towards waypoint0.
Rover2 is going to leave the load and Rover2 is going to move towards waypoint6 to sample rock to later transmit rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I am going to transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I am going to communicate image data of objective3 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover2 is going to go to waypoint0 to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, and communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will drop the load.
Rover2 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate soil data of waypoint5 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover2 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover2 will transmit rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint7 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
