Narrator is: rover0
I am going to calibrate camera4 for objective1 to later be able to take an image of objective1 with camera4 in high res mode at waypoint0.
I will sample soil to later transmit soil data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover1 will move to waypoint2 to later sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint2 and go from waypoint2 towards waypoint0.
Rover2 will travel to waypoint1 to sample rock to later drop the load at store rover2store and transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will move towards waypoint8 and Rover3 will sample rock to then communicate rock data of waypoint8 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated, which will allow me to later communicate soil data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, Rover3 to travel from waypoint8 to waypoint7, Rover3 to travel from waypoint7 towards waypoint0, and Rover3 to transmit rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I will travel towards waypoint0 so I can take an image of objective1 with camera4 to later communicate image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to sample soil and Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint0 to transmit soil data of waypoint2 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated, which will allow me to later transmit image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I will capture an image of objective2 with camera4 because I am going to calibrate camera4 for objective1, which will allow me to later communicate image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 is going to go to waypoint0, which will allow Rover2 to later travel from waypoint0 towards waypoint4.
Rover2 is going to drop the load and Rover2 will travel to waypoint4 so Rover2 can sample soil so Rover2 can later leave the load at store rover2store and transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will drop the load to later sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint7.
I will calibrate camera4 for objective1 to take an image of objective3 with camera4 to later transmit image data of objective3 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint7 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2 and I can communicate image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will go to waypoint7 to then sample rock to later communicate rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will drop the load to then sample rock so Rover2 can later drop the load at store rover2store and communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will move to waypoint0 so Rover2 can later travel from waypoint0 to waypoint5.
Rover2 is going to leave the load and Rover2 will go to waypoint5, which will allow Rover2 to sample soil to later be able to leave the load at store rover2store and transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover3 will travel towards waypoint0 so Rover3 can later communicate rock data of waypoint7 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I will transmit image data of objective1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated to later transmit image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will travel towards waypoint0 to later be able to go from waypoint0 towards waypoint6.
Rover2 is going to leave the load and Rover2 will travel towards waypoint6 to then sample rock so Rover2 can later communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
I am going to communicate image data of objective2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
I will communicate image data of objective3 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated so Rover2 can later communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 will travel to waypoint0, which will allow Rover2 to later communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2, and communicate rock data of waypoint6 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint2.
Rover2 is going to leave the load.
Rover2 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover2 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint5 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover2 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover2 will communicate rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint7 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
