Narrator is: rover0
I am going to calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0 to later be able to capture an image of objective0 with camera2 in colour mode at waypoint0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera0 for objective1 at waypoint0 so Rover1 can later capture an image of objective0 with camera0 in high res mode at waypoint0.
I am going to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint0 to later be able to leave the load at store mestore and communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will take an image of objective0 with camera2 in colour mode at waypoint0 so I can later transmit image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will transmit image data of objective0 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 because Rover1 is going to take an image of objective0 with camera0 in high res mode at waypoint0 to achieve the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in high res mode to later be able to move from waypoint0 to waypoint1 and transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera2 for objective1 at waypoint0 so I can later take an image of objective2 with camera2 in high res mode at waypoint0.
I will leave the load at store mestore so I can later sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint1.
I will capture an image of objective2 with camera2 in high res mode at waypoint0, which will allow me to communicate image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective2 in high res mode so I can later transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will transmit image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in colour mode to later be able to communicate image data of objective2 in high res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to travel from waypoint0 to waypoint1 to later sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint1, transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint3, and go from waypoint1 towards waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint1 to leave the load at store rover1store to later sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint2.
I am going to communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint0 to later be able to go from waypoint0 to waypoint1.
I will travel from waypoint0 to waypoint1 and I will sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint1, which will allow me to transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint1.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint1, which will allow Rover1 to later travel from waypoint1 towards waypoint2.
Rover1 will communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint3 because Rover1 is going to move from waypoint1 to waypoint2 and Rover1 will sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint2 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint2.
