Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera4 for objective1.
Rover3 will calibrate camera0 for objective2.
Rover2 is going to sample soil because Rover2 is going to move towards waypoint6, which will allow Rover2 to later transmit soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
I will go to waypoint1 to be able to calibrate camera1 for objective2.
Rover1 will take an image of objective2 with camera4.
Rover3 will capture an image of objective2 with camera0 to transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera4 for objective1.
I will capture an image of objective2 with camera1 to then transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 will move to waypoint1 so Rover3 can move to waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint0 to sample rock to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover2 will go to waypoint0.
Rover2 will leave the load.
Rover2 will sample soil to then transmit soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
Rover2 will travel towards waypoint1 to be able to transmit soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to move towards waypoint1 to later communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover3 is going to sample soil and Rover3 will move to waypoint1 to be able to transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to move to waypoint3 to sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover1 will go to waypoint1 to later transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to drop the load.
Rover1 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint3 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will move to waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint6 to general lander because Rover1 will move to waypoint6 and Rover1 will sample rock to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
