Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera4 for objective1.
Rover3 will calibrate camera0 for objective2.
Rover2 is going to move towards waypoint6 to sample soil to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
I will move towards waypoint1 to be able to calibrate camera1 for objective2.
Rover1 will take an image of objective2 with camera4.
Rover3 is going to transmit image data of objective2 to general lander because Rover3 is going to capture an image of objective2 with camera0 to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera4 for objective1.
I am going to capture an image of objective2 with camera1 so I can transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 will go to waypoint1 to go to waypoint4.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint0, which will allow Rover1 to sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover2 will move towards waypoint0.
Rover2 will drop the load.
Rover2 is going to sample soil to be able to communicate soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will go to waypoint2.
Rover1 will leave the load.
Rover2 will go towards waypoint1 to be able to communicate soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will go to waypoint1, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover3 will sample soil and Rover3 will travel towards waypoint1, which will allow Rover3 to transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint3, which will allow Rover1 to sample rock so Rover1 can later communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint1 to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint4.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
Rover1 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint3 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint6 and Rover1 will sample rock to be able to communicate rock data of waypoint6 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
