Narrator is: rover0
I will travel to waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover3 will move to waypoint1 to calibrate camera0 for objective2.
Rover1 is going to take an image of objective0 with camera3.
I am going to travel towards waypoint3 and I am going to sample soil to then transmit soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover3 will take an image of objective0 with camera0 to be able to communicate image data of objective0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to travel to waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera2 for objective3.
I am going to drop the load.
Rover1 will capture an image of objective0 with camera3.
Rover1 is going to capture an image of objective2 with camera2.
Rover1 will calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint4 so Rover1 can sample rock to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint5 to general lander at waypoint7.
I am going to travel towards waypoint2.
I will move to waypoint1 and I will calibrate camera4 for objective3, which will allow me to capture an image of objective0 with camera4, which will allow me to later communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 will go to waypoint5, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint5 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
Rover1 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to sample rock to be able to drop the load.
I am going to calibrate camera4 for objective3.
I will take an image of objective2 with camera4 to transmit image data of objective2 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I will transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to go towards waypoint4 to then go towards waypoint6.
Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint8 and Rover1 will sample rock to be able to transmit rock data of waypoint8 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint5 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
I am going to travel towards waypoint6.
I will sample soil and I will go to waypoint1 to communicate soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
