Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 will calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover3 and me are going to move towards waypoint1 so Rover3 can calibrate camera0 for objective2 so Rover3 can later capture an image of objective0 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint1.
I am going to go to waypoint3 and I will sample soil so I can transmit soil data of waypoint3 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated so Rover3 can later communicate image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7, I can travel from waypoint3 towards waypoint1, and I can transmit image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 is going to capture an image of objective0 with camera3.
Rover3 is going to take an image of objective0 with camera0, which will allow Rover3 to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated so Rover1 can later communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint5 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint2 so Rover1 can later travel from waypoint2 towards waypoint4.
Rover1 will calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover1 will calibrate camera2 for objective3.
I will drop the load so I can later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6.
Rover1 is going to take an image of objective0 with camera3.
Rover1 is going to capture an image of objective2 with camera2.
Rover1 is going to calibrate camera3 for objective0.
Rover1 is going to go to waypoint4 so Rover1 can sample rock so Rover1 can later drop the load at store rover1store and transmit rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint5 to general lander at waypoint7.
I am going to go to waypoint1 and I will calibrate camera4 for objective3 to then take an image of objective0 with camera4 to later be able to communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint5 to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint4 from waypoint5 to general lander at waypoint7, sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint5, and travel from waypoint5 towards waypoint8.
Rover1 will leave the load so Rover1 can later sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint5.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint4 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated so I can later communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7, Rover1 can travel from waypoint5 towards waypoint8, and Rover1 can transmit rock data of waypoint5 from waypoint8 to general lander at waypoint7.
Rover1 will drop the load because Rover1 is going to sample rock to later sample rock to store at rover1store at waypoint8.
I will calibrate camera4 for objective3 to later be able to capture an image of objective2 with camera4 in low res mode at waypoint1.
I am going to transmit image data of objective2 to general lander because I will capture an image of objective2 with camera4 to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated, which will allow me to later travel from waypoint1 towards waypoint6, go from waypoint6 to waypoint1, and communicate soil data of waypoint6 from waypoint1 to general lander at waypoint7.
I will transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to reach the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint8 and Rover1 is going to sample rock, which will allow Rover1 to communicate rock data of waypoint8 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will communicate rock data of waypoint5 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated so Rover1 can later transmit rock data of waypoint8 from waypoint8 to general lander at waypoint7.
I am going to move to waypoint6, which will allow me to later sample soil to store at mestore at waypoint6 and go from waypoint6 to waypoint1.
I am going to sample soil and I will move to waypoint1, which will allow me to communicate soil data of waypoint6 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
