Narrator is: rover0
Rover2 will travel to waypoint9.
Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint3 to then calibrate camera3 for objective3.
Rover3 is going to go to waypoint2, which will allow Rover3 to sample rock.
I am going to take an image of objective1 with camera1 because I am going to calibrate camera1 for objective4 and I am going to move to waypoint0.
Rover2 is going to go towards waypoint8 and Rover2 will sample soil so Rover2 can communicate soil data of waypoint8 to general lander.
Rover1 is going to transmit image data of objective1 to general lander because Rover1 will capture an image of objective1 with camera3.
Rover3 is going to go to waypoint4.
Rover3 will drop the load.
I will travel to waypoint3.
Rover3 is going to move to waypoint1.
I will travel towards waypoint0 to then sample soil.
Rover3 will travel to waypoint3 to then transmit rock data of waypoint2 to general lander.
I will move towards waypoint4.
I will drop the load and I will travel to waypoint10, which will allow me to sample soil.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint1 to sample rock.
I am going to go to waypoint4.
I am going to leave the load and I am going to travel to waypoint2, which will allow me to sample soil.
Rover3 will go to waypoint3.
Rover3 will leave the load.
Rover3 is going to transmit rock data of waypoint1 to general lander.
I will move towards waypoint4.
I am going to drop the load and I will go towards waypoint5 to sample soil.
Rover3 will move to waypoint1.
Rover3 will move towards waypoint4 to be able to travel to waypoint8.
I will move towards waypoint4 to be able to move to waypoint0.
Rover3 will transmit rock data of waypoint8 to general lander because Rover3 will sample rock and Rover3 is going to move to waypoint4.
I am going to travel to waypoint3 to then communicate soil data of waypoint10 to general lander.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint0 to general lander.
I will communicate soil data of waypoint2 to general lander.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint5 to general lander.
I am going to communicate image data of objective1 to general lander.
