Narrator is: rover0
Rover2 will go towards waypoint9.
Rover1 is going to go to waypoint3 to then calibrate camera3 for objective3.
Rover3 will travel towards waypoint2 so Rover3 can sample rock to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
I am going to capture an image of objective1 with camera1 because I will calibrate camera1 for objective4 and I will go towards waypoint0 so I can later transmit image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover2 is going to move towards waypoint8 and Rover2 is going to sample soil to then transmit soil data of waypoint8 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 will take an image of objective1 with camera3 so Rover1 can communicate image data of objective1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
Rover3 is going to travel to waypoint4.
Rover3 is going to drop the load.
I am going to move to waypoint3.
Rover3 will move towards waypoint1.
I will travel towards waypoint0 to be able to sample soil to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 is going to go to waypoint3 so Rover3 can communicate rock data of waypoint2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
I am going to travel towards waypoint4.
I will leave the load and I will travel towards waypoint10 to sample soil to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint10 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 will travel towards waypoint1, which will allow Rover3 to sample rock to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
I will move towards waypoint4.
I will drop the load and I am going to travel to waypoint2 to then sample soil, which will allow me to later communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 is going to move to waypoint3 so Rover3 can later transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 is going to drop the load.
Rover3 will communicate rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
I will travel to waypoint4.
I will drop the load and I am going to travel to waypoint5 to then sample soil to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 will move to waypoint1.
Rover3 is going to move towards waypoint4 to go towards waypoint8.
I am going to travel towards waypoint4 to be able to go towards waypoint0.
Rover3 will transmit rock data of waypoint8 to general lander because Rover3 is going to sample rock and Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint4 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
I am going to go towards waypoint3 so I can communicate soil data of waypoint10 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to communicate soil data of waypoint5 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to transmit image data of objective1 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
