Narrator is: rover0
Rover2 is going to go to waypoint9, which will allow Rover2 to later go from waypoint9 towards waypoint8.
Rover1 will move to waypoint3, which will allow Rover1 to calibrate camera3 for objective3 so Rover1 can later take an image of objective1 with camera3 in low res mode at waypoint3.
Rover3 will move towards waypoint2 to be able to sample rock, which will allow Rover3 to later drop the load at store rover3store and communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
I will calibrate camera1 for objective4 and I am going to travel to waypoint0 to then capture an image of objective1 with camera1 to later be able to transmit image data of objective1 in high res mode from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover2 is going to travel to waypoint8 and Rover2 will sample soil to communicate soil data of waypoint8 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to take an image of objective1 with camera3 so Rover1 can communicate image data of objective1 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated so Rover3 can later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint4 to later be able to go from waypoint4 to waypoint1.
Rover3 is going to drop the load, which will allow Rover3 to later sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint1.
I am going to move towards waypoint3 so I can later travel from waypoint3 to waypoint0.
Rover3 is going to travel to waypoint1 to later be able to go from waypoint1 towards waypoint3.
I will sample soil because I will move to waypoint0, which will allow me to later leave the load at store mestore and transmit soil data of waypoint0 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 will go to waypoint3 to be able to communicate rock data of waypoint2 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated to later move from waypoint3 towards waypoint1, travel from waypoint1 to waypoint3, and transmit rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
I am going to go to waypoint4 so I can later move from waypoint4 towards waypoint10.
I will drop the load and I will move towards waypoint10 so I can sample soil to later be able to leave the load at store mestore and communicate soil data of waypoint10 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 will travel towards waypoint1 so Rover3 can sample rock to later be able to leave the load at store rover3store and communicate rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
I am going to travel to waypoint4 to later travel from waypoint4 towards waypoint2.
I am going to drop the load and I am going to move to waypoint2 to be able to sample soil so I can later drop the load at store mestore and communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 is going to go towards waypoint3 to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint1 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9 and travel from waypoint3 to waypoint1.
Rover3 will drop the load to later sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint8.
Rover3 is going to communicate rock data of waypoint1 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated, which will allow Rover3 to later go from waypoint3 towards waypoint1, travel from waypoint1 towards waypoint4, go from waypoint4 to waypoint8, travel from waypoint8 towards waypoint4, and transmit rock data of waypoint8 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint9.
I am going to travel towards waypoint4 to later travel from waypoint4 to waypoint5.
I will leave the load and I will travel to waypoint5 so I can sample soil to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint3 to general lander at waypoint9.
Rover3 will move to waypoint1, which will allow Rover3 to later move from waypoint1 to waypoint4.
Rover3 is going to move to waypoint8 because Rover3 will travel towards waypoint4 to later sample rock to store at rover3store at waypoint8 and move from waypoint8 to waypoint4.
I am going to move towards waypoint4, which will allow me to travel to waypoint0, which will allow me to later move from waypoint0 towards waypoint3.
Rover3 will sample rock and Rover3 will go towards waypoint4 so Rover3 can communicate rock data of waypoint8 to general lander to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
I will go to waypoint3 so I can transmit soil data of waypoint10 to general lander to reach the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will transmit soil data of waypoint0 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to transmit soil data of waypoint2 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to transmit soil data of waypoint5 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to communicate image data of objective1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
