Narrator is: rover0
I will communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in colour mode, which will allow me to later move from waypoint0 towards waypoint2 and go from waypoint2 to waypoint0.
I am going to transmit image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective1 in low res mode.
I will transmit image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in low res mode.
I will communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint0 to later be able to travel from waypoint0 to waypoint2, travel from waypoint2 towards waypoint0, and transmit rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint1 so Rover1 can later travel from waypoint0 towards waypoint1, move from waypoint1 towards waypoint4, move from waypoint4 towards waypoint5, move from waypoint5 to waypoint2, and transmit soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint2 so I can later move from waypoint0 towards waypoint3, travel from waypoint3 to waypoint0, and communicate rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to move from waypoint5 to waypoint2 and Rover1 will sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint2 to then communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint3 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint2, which will allow Rover1 to later move from waypoint2 towards waypoint5, travel from waypoint5 to waypoint4, and transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint3 and I am going to go from waypoint3 towards waypoint0 to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint3.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint5.
Rover1 will sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint4 to communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint4.
