Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 will move towards waypoint1 so Rover1 can sample soil to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will calibrate camera0 for objective0 and I am going to move towards waypoint0, which will allow me to take an image of objective0 with camera0, which will allow me to later communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0.
Rover1 will travel to waypoint0 to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
I am going to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I am going to go towards waypoint2 to be able to take an image of objective0 with camera0 to later be able to transmit image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0 and I will travel to waypoint0 to then capture an image of objective1 with camera0 to later be able to communicate image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will sample rock so I can later communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will transmit image data of objective1 to general lander to achieve the goal of image data being communicated.
I will leave the load.
I am going to communicate image data of objective0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of image data being communicated.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint0 to general lander to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint1 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
I am going to travel towards waypoint2, which will allow me to sample rock, which will allow me to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to go towards waypoint1.
I will travel to waypoint0 to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will drop the load.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint4 to then go to waypoint5.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint2 to general lander to reach the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint2 and Rover1 will sample soil to then communicate soil data of waypoint2 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
I will travel to waypoint3.
I am going to communicate rock data of waypoint3 to general lander because I am going to sample rock and I will go to waypoint0 to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated.
Rover1 will drop the load and Rover1 is going to move to waypoint5 to then sample soil so Rover1 can later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint4, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 and communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint5 to general lander to fulfill the goal of soil data being communicated.
Rover1 is going to sample soil to then transmit soil data of waypoint4 to general lander to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated.
