Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 will travel towards waypoint1 so Rover1 can sample soil to later be able to transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0 and I will go towards waypoint0 to then capture an image of objective0 with camera0 to later transmit image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0.
Rover1 will move towards waypoint0 to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to drop the load.
I am going to transmit image data of objective0 to general lander to later communicate image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will go to waypoint2 so I can capture an image of objective0 with camera0, which will allow me to later transmit image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will calibrate camera0 for objective0 and I will travel towards waypoint0 so I can take an image of objective1 with camera0 to later communicate image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to sample rock, which will allow me to later transmit rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will transmit image data of objective1 to general lander so I can later communicate image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to drop the load.
I will communicate image data of objective0 to general lander.
I will transmit rock data of waypoint0 to general lander, which will allow me to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 to general lander, which will allow me to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 and Rover1 to transmit soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to move towards waypoint2 to then sample rock so I can later transmit rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will go towards waypoint1.
I am going to travel towards waypoint0 so I can later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to leave the load.
Rover1 will travel to waypoint5 because Rover1 is going to travel towards waypoint4.
I am going to transmit rock data of waypoint2 to general lander to later be able to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will transmit soil data of waypoint2 to general lander because Rover1 will move to waypoint2 and Rover1 will sample soil so Rover1 can later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will go to waypoint3.
I will sample rock and I will move towards waypoint0 so I can communicate rock data of waypoint3 to general lander so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will leave the load and Rover1 will go to waypoint5 so Rover1 can sample soil, which will allow Rover1 to later communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will move to waypoint4 so Rover1 can later communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 and communicate soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to leave the load.
Rover1 is going to transmit soil data of waypoint5 to general lander.
Rover1 is going to sample soil to communicate soil data of waypoint4 to general lander.
