Narrator is: rover0
Rover1 will move from waypoint4 towards waypoint1, which will allow Rover1 to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint1 to later be able to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will calibrate camera0 for objective0 at waypoint1 and I will travel from waypoint1 to waypoint0 so I can capture an image of objective0 with camera0 in colour mode at waypoint0, which will allow me to later communicate image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0 at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to travel from waypoint1 to waypoint0 to later transmit soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to drop the load at store rover1store.
I am going to transmit image data of objective0 in colour mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in colour mode.
I am going to move from waypoint0 to waypoint2, which will allow me to take an image of objective0 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint2, which will allow me to later communicate image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to calibrate camera0 for objective0 at waypoint2 and I am going to move from waypoint2 to waypoint0 so I can take an image of objective1 with camera0 in low res mode at waypoint0 to later be able to communicate image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint0 to later communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I am going to communicate image data of objective1 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of image data being communicated of objective1 in low res mode.
I am going to leave the load at store mestore.
I am going to transmit image data of objective0 in low res mode from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of image data being communicated of objective0 in low res mode.
I will communicate rock data of waypoint0 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint0.
Rover1 is going to communicate soil data of waypoint1 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint1.
I will go from waypoint0 towards waypoint2 to then sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint2 to later be able to communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to go from waypoint0 to waypoint1.
I am going to travel from waypoint2 to waypoint0 to later communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3.
I will leave the load at store mestore.
Rover1 will travel from waypoint1 towards waypoint4 to move from waypoint4 to waypoint5.
I am going to communicate rock data of waypoint2 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint2.
Rover1 is going to travel from waypoint5 towards waypoint2 and Rover1 is going to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint2 to be able to communicate soil data of waypoint2 from waypoint2 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint2.
I am going to move from waypoint0 towards waypoint3.
I am going to sample rock to store at mestore at waypoint3 and I will move from waypoint3 to waypoint0 to be able to transmit rock data of waypoint3 from waypoint0 to general lander at waypoint3 to fulfill the goal of rock data being communicated at waypoint3.
Rover1 is going to sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint5 because Rover1 will drop the load at store rover1store and Rover1 is going to move from waypoint2 towards waypoint5 to later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will travel from waypoint5 towards waypoint4, which will allow Rover1 to later transmit soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 and transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3.
Rover1 will leave the load at store rover1store.
Rover1 will communicate soil data of waypoint5 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 to achieve the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint5.
Rover1 will sample soil to store at rover1store at waypoint4 to transmit soil data of waypoint4 from waypoint4 to general lander at waypoint3 to reach the goal of soil data being communicated at waypoint4.
